General: Bump minimum PHP version to 7.2 (#40147)
Automattic/jetpack: docs/monorepo.md

A MySQL database is available if needed; credentials may be found in `~/.my.cnf`. Note that the host must be specified as `127.0.0.1`, as when passed `localhost` PHP will try to connect via a Unix domain socket which is not available in the Actions environment.

Tests are run with a variety of supported PHP versions from 7.2 to 8.3. If you have tests that only need to be run once, run them when `PHP_VERSION` matches that in `.github/versions.sh`.

#### PHP tests for non-plugins

For all project types other than WordPress plugins, the necessary version of PHPUnit and/or any other tools should be pulled in via Composer.

We currently make use of the following packages in testing; it's encouraged to use these rather than introducing other tools that serve the same purpose.

> * [yoast/phpunit-polyfills](https://packagist.org/packages/yoast/phpunit-polyfills) supplies polyfills for compatibility with PHPUnit 7.0 to 9.0, to support PHP 7.2 to 8.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [yoast/phpunit-polyfills](https://packagist.org/packages/yoast/phpunit-polyfills) supplies polyfills for compatibility with PHPUnit 8.5 to 9.6, to support PHP 7.2 to 8.3.
```

Author: I was going to go back and verify the actual bump, but thanks for doing it for me!
